# Artificial Intelligence for Automated Trading Systems

Multi-agent autonomous stock trading simulation system. Autonomous Stock Trading Agent. Finance (domain) specific extensions to ojAlgo. Strata is an open source analytics and market risk library. TradingAgents Multi-Agents LLM Financial Trading Framework. The Morpheus library is designed to facilitate the development of high performance analytical software. FinRL is a modern, modular quantitative trading platform. QuickFIX/J is a full featured messaging engine for the FIX protocol. Aeron the global technology standard for high-throughput, low-latency, fault-tolerant trading systems. Philadelphia is a fast (FIX) protocol library. Parity is an software platform for trading venues. FX-Trade is a FX trading platform. Python module to get stock data from Yahoo! Finance. Interactive Brokers API wrapper and trading toolbox. Alpaca lets you trade with algorithms, connect with apps, and build services. Cassandre trading bot framework. FinML is a practical machine learning framework for dynamic stock selection. StockSharp are free platform for trading. Shark is an open source algorithmic trading platform. The ExpertOption API offers a programmable interface. Fluent is a trading framework. Risk tools for commodities trading and finance. OpenStock is an open-source alternative to expensive market platforms. QuantLib is a free/open-source library for modeling, trading, and risk management in real-life. Exchange-core is a market exchange core. Codera Quant Java framework allows development of automated algorithmic trading strategies. Sailfish is a test automation tool. vnpy is a python-based open-source quantitative trading platform development framework. Qbot is an AI-oriented automated quantitative investment platform. WonderTrader Framework for Quantitative Research and Trading. Cloud-native Financial Reinforcement Learning. TradeMaster is a platform for quantitative trading. pyfolio is a Python library for performance and risk analysis of financial portfolios

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

